README.md, before:

# Burst XBundle

[![Get Support at https://discord.gg/NKXGM6N](https://img.shields.io/badge/join-discord-blue.svg)](https://discordapp.com/invite/NnVBPJX)
[![MIT](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg)](LICENSE) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/beatsbears/BurstXBundle.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/beatsbears/BurstXBundle)

## Description
The Burst XBundle is a macOS Wrapper/Installer/Launcher for the BRS Wallet and other Burst tools.

## XBundle Includes
- [BRS Wallet from POCC](https://github.com/PoC-Consortium/burstcoin)
- [mjminer plotter fork from k06a](https://github.com/k06a/mjminer)
- [creepMiner from Creepsky](https://github.com/Creepsky/creepMiner)

## Getting Started
1. Download the zip file for the latest [release](https://github.com/beatsbears/BurstXBundle/releases).
2. Unzip and open XBundle.
3. In the Wallet tab click the `Install` button and enter your password when prompted to install wallet dependencies.
4. Click `Start`.
5. Click `Go To Wallet` and the wallet should open in your default browser.

![Wallet Running](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/beatsbears/BurstXBundle/master/Documentation/Images/wallet_running.png)


## Development
Want to contribute?

1. Check the open issues to see what tasks need help.
2. Install [swiftlint](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint)
3. Open a PR

## Credits
- @beatsbears (aka drownedcoast) - Andrew Scott
-- Main developer

### Donate
- Andrew Scott - BURST-Q944–2MY3–97ZZ-FBWGB
<img align="right" width="298" height="120" title="Powered By Burst" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PoC-Consortium/Marketing_Resources/master/Powered_By_Burst/PBB4.png" />

Commit message:

Exclude wiki images from build

README.md, after:

# Burst XBundle

[![Get Support at https://discord.gg/NKXGM6N](https://img.shields.io/badge/join-discord-blue.svg)](https://discordapp.com/invite/NnVBPJX)
[![MIT](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg)](LICENSE) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/beatsbears/BurstXBundle.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/beatsbears/BurstXBundle)

## Description
The Burst XBundle is a macOS Wrapper/Installer/Launcher for the BRS Wallet and other Burst tools.

## XBundle Includes
- [BRS Wallet from POCC](https://github.com/PoC-Consortium/burstcoin)
- [mjminer plotter fork from k06a](https://github.com/k06a/mjminer)
- [creepMiner from Creepsky](https://github.com/Creepsky/creepMiner)

## Getting Started
1. Download the zip file for the latest [release](https://github.com/beatsbears/BurstXBundle/releases).
2. Unzip and open XBundle.
3. In the Wallet tab click the `Install` button and enter your password when prompted to install wallet dependencies.
4. Click `Start`.
5. Click `Go To Wallet` and the wallet should open in your default browser.

![Wallet Running](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/beatsbears/BurstXBundle/master/Documentation/Images/wallet_running.png)

## Wiki
For more information please check the [wiki](https://github.com/beatsbears/BurstXBundle/wiki)

## Development
Want to contribute?

1. Check the open issues to see what tasks need help.
2. Install [swiftlint](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint) to keep styling consistent.
3. Open a PR.

## Credits
- @beatsbears (aka drownedcoast) - Andrew Scott
-- Main developer

### Donate
- Andrew Scott - BURST-Q944–2MY3–97ZZ-FBWGB
<img align="right" width="298" height="120" title="Powered By Burst" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PoC-Consortium/Marketing_Resources/master/Powered_By_Burst/PBB4.png" />
